All right. So hopefully, you've had a chance to think of a few ideas as well.
We've got a bunch here.
And what we're gonna do is we're actually just gonna put up our ideas.
This will be our work space here.
We're gonna put up our ideas.
[NOISE] And what we wanna do- oh, perfect, strength coach, good.
What we wanna do is choose a location that's authentic to us.
We mentioned in the flow of steps for,
how to seek out analogous exploration,
it's important to go visit a location
and actually submit to the experience, patronize it.
We're not going to any of these- we're not going to a midwife and asking her,
"How do you build trust quickly?"
We're going to met- midwife and we'd have say,
I mean, this has to be true, right,
"We're expecting a child and we wanna know what it's like to have
alternative birthing experiences" or something like that, right?
So you- so the- the primary consideration for which place we should
visit is which place could we be an authentic customer of?
Because we want to go immerse ourselves in the experience,
not just go and ask one of these people for advice about how to solve our problem.
None of them know how to make a car dealership,
a more trusting experience.
All of them know how to make, uh,
their experiences and themselves credible and trustworthy,
and it's our job to set ourselves up to learn how they do that.
And the very best way to set ourselves up for success
is to authentically feel the need ourselves.
So Perry, as we look at this list,
is there anything that jumps out to you?
My kids are kinda not in preschool a-,
I don't want a tattoo.
Uh, you know, what's interesting is I do- I, um,
dropped my sunglasses on the ground the other day and they've got two huge-
Yeah.
-scratches on them. And I noticed, uh,
even as I was driving, I'd have to like avoid the scratch. [LAUGHTER]
Yeah.
Just because it's. So- so [OVERLAPPING]
Would that be a place you'd build trust with somebody
probably if you're making a considered purchase.
You know, what's funny [OVERLAPPING] actually is,
there's a guy, um,
there's a- there's a place in
downtown Palo Alto nearby where [OVERLAPPING] I used to live.
Before I got LASIK surgery,
I am- I used to get glasses there.
And one thing that was interesting is he, uh,
he helped me figure out what glasses are good for my face.
And I wonder if he could do the same thing for sunglasses.
I've never, um, I don't even know if my sunglasses are good.
You know, if they're- if they're good sunglasses or if they're not.
But to me, this is- uh, if I had to say-
Yeah. So you've got it- you've actually have a broken-
This is authentic to me because, yeah,
I recently damaged my sunglasses,
I'm looking to either repair them or replace them.
I don't know if I should just get new lenses or whether I should get new frames entirely.
Okay.
And I'll introduce myself by emphasizing, um, I would say,
the fact that I don't know what the- what the right,
"right glasses" are for my face,
or for my style, whatever it is.
Okay.
I don't want the [OVERLAPPING]
I'm just literally writing that out,
I don't know. Okay.
So what we're going to do is we're actually going to head into the field.
We're gonna go visit the optometrist-
Yeah.
-right now. And we're gonna go immerse ourselves in this experience.
And what we wanna do is we wanna invite you along with us to come and
see how this optometrist builds trust quickly.
[NOISE] So you can see [NOISE] from the- from the worksheet,
our goal is to- is to learn about how to build trust quickly.
So we're gonna go to the optometrist.
It's authentic to me because I actually did just recently
damage my sunglasses and need to get them repaired or replaced.
And I'm gonna introduce myself emphasizing,
I don't know which looks good on me because that sets the optometrist up
to have to do whatever he has to do to get me to believe that his,
uh, his proposed course of action is correct.
And ultimately, what we're trying to figure out how to do is,
how do we build trust quickly?
Yeah.
So we're gonna immerse ourselves in this experience.
And I'll go along as Jeremy's do-
we talked about the role of duos,
and simply take notes.
I'll- I don't want to be part of the experience.
I'm gonna hang back hopefully as- as far as I can so I don't affect it,
but just simply take notes on what I notice is happening that
might be aspects of how trust is being built between the two of you,
and then we'll compare afterwards.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna head out of the studio now. You'll come with us.
And what we'd ask you to do is write down
three or four very specific observations or quotes-.
Yeah.
-or moments that you feel that the optometrist creates,
as- I hope he will.
I'm sure he will build a sense of trust with me as
I submit myself to his experience. Let's go.
Great.